Add data-related Engineering criteria (#28)
guardian/engineering-performance-framework: README.md

      <ul>
        <li>Contributes ideas for solutions and process improvements in team discussions, and is able to build on the ideas of others.</li>
        <li>Actively exploring new approaches in their own work.</li>

>         <li>Uses relevant data or metrics as an input to solutions.</li>

Reviewer: Did we say we want to label these as "coming soon/coming Nov 2023" for now? I liked that idea

Reviewer 2: I liked that idea too.

Reviewer 3: sounds good - will it be added as part of the PR?

Author: Latest commit is my attempt at this - does it seem ok and clear? Edit suggestions welcome

  <tr>
    <td>
      <ul>

>         <li>Plays a strategic role in the stream’s technical decision making through data-informed decision-making whenever possible†.</li>
>         <li>Produces high quality code which defines stream standards, and inspires other engineers’ delivery.</li>

Reviewer 4: Maybe as two??

```suggestion
        <li>Plays a strategic role in the stream’s technical decision making</li>
        <li>Enhances the streams strategy through data-informed decision-making†.</li>
        <li>Produces high quality code which defines stream standards, and inspires other engineers’ delivery.</li>
```

  <tr>
    <td>
      <ul>

>         <li>Plays a strategic role in the stream’s technical decision making through data-driven decision-making whenever possible†.</li>

Reviewer 3: where relevant? I prefer data-informed rather than data-driven tbh as a product development philosophy, but not sure if that's guardian-wide!

Author: amended, thanks!

        <li>Committed to meeting their team’s objective and key results.</li>
        <li>Helps to unblock obstacles and supports the team in delivering its goals.  </li>
        <li>Takes responsibility of their code from local testing to supporting it in production.</li>

>         <li>Takes responsibility for ensuring collection of the best data and metrics for their products.</li>

Reviewer: Maybe for staff it could be more like:
"Uses data and metrics to help simplify and reduce business requirements, while maintaining the gains."

Reviewer 2: I was thinking more in terms of making sure that the data and metrics are collected in the first place, and that information that is collected is appropriate for the product. I am of course very open to re-wording suggestions.

        <li>Champions Guardian P&E solutions, culture and values externally. For example by hosting external meet-ups, presenting at conferences, or writing blog posts. </li>
        <li>Enables software to be produced that can be used by, or benefits external communities.</li>
        <li>Ensures we don’t encounter unmitigatable or unforeseen technical problems.</li>

>         <li>Is abile to make sense of data and communicate it as easy-to-understand stories that help inspire insights to become actions.</li>

Reviewer: I'm thinking stories is a little restrictive and "insights to become actions" is not very easy to measure

>         <li>Is abile to make sense of data and communicate it as easy-to-understand stories that help inspire insights to become actions.</li>

Reviewer 2: I like this. Thanks :)

        <li>Leads collaborative discussions around evolving best practices, defining our engineering standards.</li>
        <li>Seeks out systemic problems and opportunities, and presents proposals to the Head of Engineering on how to, respectively, remediate them and benefit from them.</li>
        <li>Advises on new technology trials based on your previous experience, and mentor more junior developers in their technical discovery and technology intelligence.</li>
        <li>Works with Product Managers and others to effectively communicate data-informed insights which inspire action from colleagues and stakeholders.†</li>
      </ul>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>

† - Criteria marked with the 'obelisk' icon are new changes (2023-June) that are optional until after the current review round.

> The Engineering Management team are reviewing the progression and promotion frameworks generally, including adding data-related responsibilities. However we believe it's unfair to make changes to the criteria shortly before a review round.

Reviewer 4: **Opinion**: this would read a little nicer in the positive. So something like...

```suggestion
The Engineering Management team are reviewing the progression and promotion frameworks generally, including adding data-related responsibilities. However we believe it's fair that changes to criteria are made and established well before a review round.
```
